Updating event descriptions (#6584)
magento/devdocs: src/recommendations/events.md

Event |Description
--- | ---

> `add-to-cart` | Triggered when a cart updates with a new item

Reviewer: when a product is added to cart?

Reviewer: even though this is technically passive voice I think it sounds/flows better, and is standard commerce lingo

> `add-to-wishlist` | Triggered when a wishlist updates with a new item

Reviewer: I would prefer
when a product is added to wishlist

> `apply-discount-action` | Triggered when a discount is applied to a cart

Reviewer: See! this one is passive voice already
I would amend to "discount code is applied"

> `edit-product-qty` | Triggered when the number of items in a cart is modified

Reviewer: Would say 
when the *quantity* of items in a cart is modified. 
Currently can be conflated with "add to cart" events

> `edit-product-qty` | A quantity of items in a cart is modified

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`edit-product-qty` | A quantity of a product in a cart changed
```

Reviewer 2: To a non-zero value?

`initiate-checkout` | Triggered when the shopper clicks the **Proceed to Checkout** button

> `instant-purchase` | Triggered when the shopper completes an instant purchase. Typically triggered on a product page, but could be triggered on product listing pages like category and search results

Reviewer: I would just leave as 
Triggered when the shopper completes an instant purchase.

> `initiate-checkout` | The shopper clicked the **Proceed to Checkout** button

Reviewer: Sorry - one more: Can we make this "The shopper initiates checkout"? alternatively, starts/enters

> `place-order` | Triggered when the customer's order is complete

Reviewer: is *submitted*

"completed" could be conflated with the "complete" order status once it is invoiced, paid, and shipped

> `remove-discount-action` | Triggered when a discount is removed from a cart

Reviewer: "discount code"

> `remove-from-cart` | Triggered when an item is removed from a cart

Reviewer: "product" instead of "item"

> `remove-from-wishlist` | Triggered when an item from a wishlist is removed

Reviewer: when an item is removed from a wishlist? 
maybe also product instead of item for consistency

> `sign-in` | The shopper signs into their account

Reviewer 2: I don't know if Recommendations uses a slightly different vocabulary, but in general, someone with an account is a customer. (Guests either don't have an account or haven't signed in yet.)

`sign-out` | The shopper signs out of their account

> `view` | A shopper views a product details page (PDP)

Reviewer: "The" shopper, to be consistent?
